Add using account data in transfer hook example (#305)
solana-foundation/developer-content: content/guides/token-extensions/transfer-hook.md

  4 passing (5s)
```

### Using token account data in transfer hook

Sometimes you may want to use account data to derive additional accounts in the
extra account metas. This is useful if, for example, you want to use the token
account's owner as a seed for a PDA.

When creating the ExtraAccountMeta you can use the data of any account as an
extra seed. In this case we want to derive a counter account from the token
account owner and the string 'counter'.

> This is how you set it up in the InitializeExtraAccountMetaList trait.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is how you set it up in the `extra_account_metas()` function.
```

InitializeExtraAccountMetaList is a struct (not a trait)

```rust
// Define extra account metas to store on extra_account_meta_list account
impl<'info> InitializeExtraAccountMetaList<'info> {
    pub fn extra_account_metas() -> Result<Vec<ExtraAccountMeta>> {
        Ok(
            vec![
                ExtraAccountMeta::new_with_seeds(
                    &[
                        Seed::Literal {
                            bytes: b"counter".to_vec(),
                        },
                        Seed::AccountData { account_index: 0, data_index: 32, length: 32 },
                    ],
                    false, // is_signer
                    true // is_writable
                )?
            ]
        )
    }
}
```

Let's look at the token account struct to understand how the account data is
stored. Below is an example of a token account structure. So we can take 32
bytes at position 32 to 64 as the owner of the token account, which is at

> 'account_index: 0'.

Reviewer: Could you clarify what you mean by "which is at
'account_index: 0'"?

We are getting the address of the `owner`, which is bytes 32-64 in the Account struct, but not sure what 'account_index: 0' means.

```rust
/// Account data.
#[repr(C)]
#[derive(Clone, Copy, Debug, Default, PartialEq)]
pub struct Account {
    /// The mint associated with this account
    pub mint: Pubkey,
    /// The owner of this account.
    pub owner: Pubkey,
    /// The amount of tokens this account holds.
    pub amount: u64,
    pub delegate: COption<Pubkey>,
    pub state: AccountState,
    pub is_native: COption<u64>,
    pub delegated_amount: u64,
    pub close_authority: COption<Pubkey>,
}
```

Now we need to put the extra account metas in the InitializeExtraAccountMetaList

> struct.

Reviewer: Can you clarify what you mean? Is this referring to using `extra_account_metas()` to calculate the space for the new `extra_account_meta_list` account or something else?

```rust
#[derive(Accounts)]
pub struct InitializeExtraAccountMetaList<'info> {
    #[account(mut)]
    payer: Signer<'info>,

    /// CHECK: ExtraAccountMetaList Account, must use these seeds
    #[account(
        init,
        seeds = [b"extra-account-metas", mint.key().as_ref()],
        bump,
        space = ExtraAccountMetaList::size_of(
            InitializeExtraAccountMetaList::extra_account_metas()?.len()
        )?,
        payer = payer
    )]
    pub extra_account_meta_list: AccountInfo<'info>,
    pub mint: InterfaceAccount<'info, Mint>,
    #[account(init, seeds = [b"counter", payer.key().as_ref()], bump, payer = payer, space = 16)]
    pub counter_account: Account<'info, CounterAccount>,
    pub token_program: Program<'info, Token2022>,
    pub associated_token_program: Program<'info, AssociatedToken>,
    pub system_program: Program<'info, System>,
}
```

> and then to the remaining accounts of the transfer hook accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And then to the remaining accounts of the transfer hook accounts.
```

What does remaining accounts mean in this context? Use "remaining accounts" may be confused with unchecked accounts accessible from `ctx.remaining_accounts`

```rust
#[derive(Accounts)]
pub struct TransferHook<'info> {
    #[account(token::mint = mint, token::authority = owner)]
    pub source_token: InterfaceAccount<'info, TokenAccount>,
    pub mint: InterfaceAccount<'info, Mint>,
    #[account(token::mint = mint)]
    pub destination_token: InterfaceAccount<'info, TokenAccount>,
    /// CHECK: source token account owner, can be SystemAccount or PDA owned by another program
    pub owner: UncheckedAccount<'info>,
    /// CHECK: ExtraAccountMetaList Account,
    #[account(seeds = [b"extra-account-metas", mint.key().as_ref()], bump)]
    pub extra_account_meta_list: UncheckedAccount<'info>,
    #[account(seeds = [b"counter", owner.key().as_ref()], bump)]
    pub counter_account: Account<'info, CounterAccount>,
}
```

> In the client this account is auto generated and you can use it as follows.

Reviewer: Which account is "this account"?

```rust
const transferInstructionWithHelper =
await createTransferCheckedWithTransferHookInstruction(
    connection,
    sourceTokenAccount,
    mint.publicKey,
    destinationTokenAccount,
    wallet.publicKey,
    amountBigInt,
    decimals,
    [],
    "confirmed",
    TOKEN_2022_PROGRAM_ID
);
```

The helper function is resolving the account automatically from the
ExtraAccounts data account. How the account would be resolved in the client is
like this:

```js
const [counterPDA] = PublicKey.findProgramAddressSync(
  [Buffer.from("counter"), wallet.publicKey.toBuffer()],
  program.programId,
);
```

The counter PDA in this case is created in the initialize hook. If you want this
to work for every account you probably need to add a function on your website to

> create this account beforehand.

Reviewer: Can you clarify what you mean by "If you want this to work for every account"? What is "this" referring to?
